hey what's going on people it's Gunther
are from NextGenTactics and we're
playing Call of the Dead the new zombie
map in call of duty black ops escalation
map pack 2 and we're just going to show
you here the zip line so you're watching
Bentley here to get on the zip lines you
just basically the first one here is on
the boat at the top and you jump on them
you can Dolph and dive if you want but
you just basically jump on to them so
here's the first one watch hyper mode
yeehaw nice so remember you just go
there all you gotta do is jump up you
can also dolphin dive no the other one
is in the lighthouse and it brings you
like a leaf actually it brings you back
onto the boat i believe so just follow
bentley in here keep going keep going
we're still working cracking on that
major easter egg so it's good to know
the zip lines oh because i mean if you
if you've gathered up here's the last
one if you've gathered up all the
zombies it's a good way to sort of get
them in a line because they do use the
zip lines and that way you could
probably just blast them well that's it
as we discover new things to do on Call
of the Dead map pack we will post the
videos for you all please remember to
subscribe rate and comment on the video
Cheers looking for an awesome free game
to play try war inc battlezone with tons
of weapons equipment and highly
customizable characters sign up now and
receive exclusive ngt bonus items such
as 10,000 gamer points 30 day rental of
the xm8 assault rifle and 14 day rental
of the two times XP boost item click the
link in the description to download this
awesome shooter game now absolutely free